Welcome to this pre-course activity! Prior to coming to the course, please consider, and reply to these questions. Note that other logged-in participants on this class and your trainer will be able to view your responses, but no one else. Please limit your responses to 4000 characters each.

1. What are some situations or tasks in your personal or worklife?
2. If you have experience or prior training in this area, please share your background with the group.
3. Please list 3 (or as many as you can think of) learning objectives for your course. (Hint: Check out the course manual in Orgmenta)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Responses:
1. My job is to help the team to expedite their work by developing and implementing IT services and tools. Usually, my work are planned ahead. For example, within a quarter, there are 5 tasks to complete. Each task has its own schedule and timeline to complete, or sometimes, these tasks are on-hold and I start other one or parallelly process them together, but that's alright as there are 5 tasks to manage and they are planned well at the beginning. 
However, often, there are addons during day to day work. Most of the time these addons are mentioned to be prioritized than my existing ones. Therefore, addons 'jump over the queue' to the first task to complete. I then start working on the addons. Not to mention, I also need to support my team whenever team members require technical support. So I am then required to stretch my time for addons' 'addons'. Additional supports may take me a minute to a day (depending on the situation) to finish. When all these in a place, I don't seem to be managed them well on time and finished. ﻿

2. Not applicable.﻿

3. 
a. How to prioritize tasks even though they are all important, and put the right order to start with.
b. A way to push back requests that are not fully detailed. For a few times, requests were not even fully finalized, and they kept changing during the implementation, which made me difficult to complete and time consuming. 
c. A way to make sure the teams are using these services and tools after delivered. For some applications, the teams are not using them even if the apps are good to use. Perhaps, people are reluctant to change to use new things?