
1. Introduction - about your self.
2. Go over CV projects/companies/tasks.

3. Are you familiar with API development, such as REST API. Could you elaborate any project that you worked on before? 
4. Are you familar with CI/CD development? Any work example you have done before? 
5. Have you come across with any Containerized application? Docker, Kubernetes or any similar applications and tools? 

6. Experience in Java, difference (Interface vs Abstract); (StringBuffer vs StringBuilder); (Highest level of Collection hierarchy - Set | Queue | List - all are interfaces)
7. Spring/Spring boot, are you familiar with Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP) 
that is a programming paradigm that aims to increase modularity by allowing the separation of cross-cutting concerns.

7. Database, SQL? Left Join vs Full Join.
INNER JOIN : Returns records when there is a match in both tables. 
LEFT (OUTER) JOIN : Returns all records from the left table, and the matched records from the right table.
FULL (OUTER) JOIN : Returns all records when there is a match in either left or right table.

8. Have you dealt with massive amount of data before? Like data collection, processing, transformation, conversion and visualization, etc.
And any ETL (extraction, transformation, load) or ELT (extraction, load, transformation) tools have you been familiar with?

9. what is your usual day look like?


Spring AOP:
Terminologies-Action Performed
Aspect-It is a module that provides cross-cutting concerns by encapsulating the advice and pointcuts. An application can have any number of aspects in it. In order to use it, we need to annotate a class with @Aspect annotation.
Advice-It is an action that is taken before or after method execution. An action is a block of code that gets invoked during the execution of a program. The Spring AOP framework support five type of advice before, after, after-returning, after-throwing, and around advice. The advice is taken for join points. Advice is applied over the target object.
Pointcuts-Pointcuts are the set of join points where the advice is executed. These pointcuts are defined using the expression or pattern.
Join Points-It is a place in an application where the AOP Aspect is applied. A join point can be a method execution, exception handling, etc.
Target Object-It is an object where the advice is applied. These target objects are proxied
Proxied-Target objects are proxied which means during the runtime the target methods are overridden and depending on method configuration, the advice is included in the target object.
Weaving-The process of linking the application with the aspect is called weaving. It can be done at load time, compile time and run time.